# how to use daily-money (en)
==Concept==
The concept of daily money is very simple
 # Different accounts (you create accounts depends on your case)
 # Money transaction between accounts. (you record detail for each transaction)

==Accounts=
There are 5 types account, you can create/edit/delete it in account manager page.
 # Income: salary etc..
 # Expense: food, entertainment etc.
 # Asset: cash, bank
 # Liability: credit card, loan.
 # Other: ...role is like a asset.

==The transaction detail==
When you spent some money then you can click the Add Detail on the main page to create a new record. for example you spent $10 bought a meal, in Detail Editor page, you
 # select from account :Cash
 # select to account : Food
 # select date : today
 # input money by calculator : 10
 # input description : hot dog, coke.
 # click create then click close if no more transaction needs to be created.

above is a very simple use case of daily-money, but consider what if your salary is deposit to bank directly, you use credit card buy books on inter-net. so you could create various accounts against 5 account type.

==Use cases==
===Salary to Bank===
From: Salary
To: Bank
===Bank to Cash===
From: Bank
To: Cash
===Buy stuff by credit card===
From: Credit card
To: Stuff in expense
===Pay credit card bill by Cash===
From: Cash
To: Credit card

==Balance==
In balance reports, I count balance of all the details that you created. The balance is calculated in a time range (current week, current monthly, current year, or you can change to other range by click the arrow button)


To calculate the balance of accounts.